support alter streaming_rate_limit to sources and tables with source (#2157)
risingwavelabs/risingwave-docs: docs/manage/view-configure-runtime-parameters.md

| lock_timeout                          | 0               | See [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-client.html#GUC-LOCK-TIMEOUT) for details. Unused in RisingWave, support for compatibility.                                                                                                                                                            |
| row_security                          | `true`/`false`            | See [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-client.html#GUC-ROW-SECURITY) for details. Unused in RisingWave, support for compatibility.                                                                                                                                                          |
| standard_conforming_strings           | on              | See [here](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/runtime-config-client.html#GUC-STANDARD-CONFORMING-STRINGS)  for details.                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | streaming_rate_limit                  |  `default`/ A positive integer / `0`  | Set the maximum number of records per second per source, for each parallelism. The source here refers to an upstream source or snapshot read in the backfilling process. <br/><br/>The value can be `default`, `0`, or a positive integer. `SET STREAMING_RATE_LIMIT TO 0` will pause the snapshot read stream for backfill and pause the source read for sources (Previously, this disabled the rate limit within the session). `SET STREAMING_RATE_LIMIT TO DEFAULT` will disable the rate limit within the session, but it will not change the rate limits of existing DDLs.<br/><br/>Note that the total throughput of a streaming job is determined by multiplying the parallelism with the throttle rate. To obtain the parallelism value for a streaming job, you can refer to the `streaming_parallelism` runtime parameter in this table.<br/><br/>Besides, we support altering rate limits in [sources](/sql/commands/sql-alter-source.md#set-streaming_rate_limit) and [tables that have source](/docs/sql/commands/sql-alter-table.md#set-streaming_rate_limit).                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| streaming_rate_limit                  |  `default`/ A positive integer / `0`  | Set the maximum number of records per second per source, for each parallelism. The source here refers to an upstream source or snapshot read in the backfilling process. <br/><br/>The value can be `default`, `0`, or a positive integer. `SET STREAMING_RATE_LIMIT TO 0` will pause the snapshot read stream for backfill and pause the source read for sources. `SET STREAMING_RATE_LIMIT TO DEFAULT` will disable the rate limit within the session, but it will not change the rate limits of existing DDLs.<br/><br/>Note that the total throughput of a streaming job is determined by multiplying the parallelism with the throttle rate. To obtain the parallelism value for a streaming job, you can refer to the `streaming_parallelism` runtime parameter in this table.<br/><br/>Additionally, we support altering rate limits in [sources](/sql/commands/sql-alter-source.md#set-streaming_rate_limit) and [tables that have source](/docs/sql/commands/sql-alter-table.md#set-streaming_rate_limit).                                                                                        |
```
